CSS stands for cascading style sheets. It's a language describing how documents are presented visually.

selector {
    property: value;
}

One can style elements by utilizing inline CSS tags with the 'style' attribute, or by nesting CSS tags in the <style> element, or by using <link> to link an external stylesheet.
The 'href' attribute signifies the location of the deseried stylesheet, and the 'rel' attribute signifies the type of dcument one desired to lnk with <link>.

Use the 'color' property to set the foreground color value of text or text in an element.

Use the 'background-color' property to set the background color of an element.

Any text elements are block-level - they extend horizontally across the page.

Modern browsers accept 140 name colors. RGB (red green blue) can be added together to make any color. 
For this reason, the RGB color model (with a max value of 255 per color) was created. The RGB color system is an additive system.
A hexadecimal color represents an RGB combination in hexadecimal code (a base 16 decimal system). A hex code consists of six chars (three pairs that each represent a color in RGB). 
ff in hex equals 255. 00 in hex equals 0.

Make sure to use a semicolon at the end of each property declaration. 

The 'text-align' property modifies the horizontal alignment of text inside an element.

The 'width' property modifies the width of an element.

Use the 'font-weight' property to set the weight or boldness of text in an element. One can use keywords (ex: light, normal, bold) or values (400 = normal, 700 = bold).
If one attempts to use a font weight that cannot be found for a certain font, it will round to the nearest existing weight.

Use the 'text-decoration' property to set the appearance of text in an element. One can set (colored/dotted/wavy) underlines, strikethroughs, or remove default text decoration properties.

Use the 'line-height' property to set the distance between lines of texst in an element.

Use the 'letter-spacing' property to set the distance between letters in text in an element.

Use the 'font-size' property to set the font size of text in an element. 

A pixel is an absolute unit. 1px does not always equal to width of one pixel.

Use the 'font-family' property to chnage the font of text in an element. A font stack is a list of font that one would use on their websites ordered by priority. 
If the first font isn't available on a user's machine in a stack, the second font will be used, and so on. The last font in a stack shold actually be a font family.
