In computer programming, a software framework is an abstraction in which software, 
providing generic functionality, can be selectively changed by additional user-written code, thus providing application-specific software.

Bootstrap imports pre-built components for utilization in our sites (such as a grid system).    

Bootstrap is designed to save time for programmers when building responsive websites.

Bootstrap allows programmers to rely on particular classes to build responsive elements of websites.

A content delivery network, or content distribution network, is a geographically distributed network of proxy servers and their data centers. The goal is to provide high availability and performance by distributing the service spatially relative to end users.

One should use a CDN to incoroprate Bootstrap into their websites for ease of access to many site-building features. 
One can use the <link> tag and the subsequent 'href' attribute to add Bootstrap to their project. (this is a seperate <link> tab than the one to reference the CSS bas stylesheet)

One should also use the <script> tag to tie in Bootstrap JS functionalities for one's project.

Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using its default grid system. They are used to contain and pad content. These are imperative.

Fluid containers span the width of the entire viewport.
Resposive containers maintain a 100% width until their respective breakpoints (max-widths) are reached (the width of the container is more than the breakpoint).

The parent class for <button> is '.btn'.

Lots of components in Bootstrap have children name 'primary', 'secondary', 'danger', 'success', etc. to signify semantics.
One can use Bootstrap classes on elements that differ from their use-case. ex: the '.btn' class can be utilized to style an <a> tag.

The class stems '-sm', '-md', '-lg', etc. are used to specify the size of a styled element.

There are lots of other subclasses of components with many functionalities in the Bootstrap ecosystem. 

The '.display' classes are used to provide larger headings in a project.

The'.lead' classes are used to differentiate paragraphs from their neighbors.

The <blockquote> element in HTML and the '.blockquote' class in Bootstrap are used to emphasize text.
Use <footer> and '.blockquote-footer' to provide a source for the <blockquote>. 

The '.mb-0' removes bottom margin.

Use the '.text-right' class to align text in an element to the right.

Use the '.text-' class to change the colors, sizes, and other styles of different texts.

Use the '.bg-' class to change the background colors, sizes, and other styles of different elements.

Use '.badge' and '.badge-' classes to create badges in a project.

The '.btn-group' class group groups buttons by wrapping them in a container or <div>.

One can use this to make prettier dropdowns, radio buttons, and checkbox buttons.

Use '.alert' and '.alert-' classes to create alerts in a project.

One can use '.alert-heading' and <hr> to seperate content in an alert.

'aria-' attributes affect the readability of elements to screenreaders.

Use the '.close' to give a functionality to a button that will close an alert or other element. 

Use the '.data-bs-dismiss' class to make an alert or other element dismissible.

The grid system only works with a '.container' class.

Use the '.row' class to divide rows of space in a grid into 12 sections. Each "piece" in a row will need to be assigned the '.col' (splits avaiable space)/'.col-{no. of units/breakpoints}' tag.
'.col-{breakpoint}-{size}' be also be used for shorthand.
'.col-md-6' means that two elements will be aligned side-by-side in a row until the medium breakpoint of pixels (or less) is hit, at which point they will stack vertically.
'.col-md-6 col-md-3' means that four elements will have a width of 6 units until the medium breakpoint of pixels (or less) is hit, and if they are between the xl and md breakpoints, they have a width of 6 units. Above the xl breakpoint = 3 units each.

the '.img-fluid' class ensures that an image will resize fluidly to adjust to the dimnesions of the page.

The '.no-gutters' class removes gutters in a row.

The breakpoints always refer to values above the breakpoint inherently. 

Use the 'align-items-start', 'align-items-center', 'align-items-end', 'align-items-between' etc. to align vertically (across the cross axis) in Bootstrap.
'align-self-' also works. Responsive variations also exist for these.

Use the 'justify-content-start', 'justify-content-center', 'justify-content-end', 'justify-content-between' etc. to align horizontally (across the main axis) in Bootstrap.
'justify-self-' also works. Responsive variations also exist for these.

Use the '.border' class to insert a border in Bootstrap.

'.form-group' is used to semantically group labels and inputs.  

'.form-control' styles <input>s based on their type.

For dropdown selection menus, use '.form-control' on the <select>.

For checkbox inputs and radio buttons, use '.form-check' to format them instead of '.form-group'.

'.navbar-light/dark' only change the color of the text of the navbar. One has to use the 'bg-' property to change the actual color.

Use the 'active' and 'disabled' attributes to show which part of the website one is exploring and which parts are disabled.

.navbar-brand for your company, product, or project name.
.navbar-nav for a full-height and lightweight navigation (including support for dropdowns).
.navbar-toggler (for drawer buttons and spans to show the icon to the user) for use with our collapse plugin and other navigation toggling behaviors.
Flex and spacing utilities for any form controls and actions.
.navbar-text for adding vertically centered strings of text.
.collapse.navbar-collapse for grouping and hiding navbar contents by a parent breakpoint.
Add an optional .navbar-scroll to set a max-height and scroll expanded navbar content.

The '.navbar-expand-{size}' class informs HTML when one wnats the navbar to expand fully and when it should collapse.

Set 'data-toggle' to "collapse" to have it collapse in certain circumstances and the 'data-target' to the 'id' of the parent div containing all the navbar links.

'.ml-auto' sets the left margin to "auto". 

Use '.fixed-top', '.fixed-bottom', '.sticky-top', and '.sticky-bottom' to stick the navbar to certain points on the page.

SVG stands for 'scalable vector graphics'. Icons included with bootstrap are all SVGs.

Make sure to look up other Bootstrap utilities to further expand the arsenal of the functionality you can use in your code.