JavaScript provides functionality to a website. It provides user-server interactions, animations, etc. 

Primitive types in JS include 'number', 'string', 'boolean', 'null', 'undefined', 'symbol' and 'bigInt'.

"REPL" stands for 'read, evaluate, print, loop.'

Use the console in a web browser to run standalone JS.

There is only one primitive type for floating and whole numbers in JS ('number').

Math operations in JS are identical to the ones in Java.

'//' creates a comment in JS. 

'**' raises a number to its nth power.

'NaN' is a muneric value that represents an object that is not a number.

The 'typeof' operator only requires a single operand being passed to it. It returns the type of object that the operand is.

'0/0' amounts to 'NaN'.

Anytime one attempts to perform an operation has includes 'NaN' as an operand, 'NaN' is returned.

'let year = 1985' sets the variable 'year' to 1985. Use the 'let' keyowrd to set a variable to a value.

All variables in JS are value-type variables, not reference-type.

'+=', '-=', '*'=, etc. and '--' and '++' act the same way in JS as they do in Java. 

'const' (similiar to the 'final' keyword in Java) is an inbuilt JS fucntion that acts in the same fashion as let, exxcept it declares a constant, not a variable, meaning the declared value cannot be chnaged at a later point in one's code.

'var' is an obselete function used to declare variables.

Booleans are used to declare variables that only accept fields of type 'true' or type 'false'.

Variables can dynamically change types in JS. 

Variable names cannot include spaces in JS and cannot start with a digit. 

Currently, camelCase is the most common naming convention in JS.

The 'string' datatype contains textual information; it is a string of english characters.

Make sure to use "" or '' to declare a string; make sure to remain consistent in the style of your string declaration quotation in a document.

Strings can be empty in JS.

Strings in JS are indexed in JS; this means that every character in a string has has a corresponding number associated with it (a positional number that iterates in order starting from 0, which is associated with the first character).

Use 'stringName[0]' to access the first character of any string. 

Use the '.length' property to access the total length of a string; there are no '()' after this property since it it not a method.

One can concatenate strings by using the '+' operator.

All methods in JS have the syntax 'variable.method(args/no args)'.

Common string methods in JS include 'toLowerCase()', 'toUpperCase()', 'trim()' (cuts out any extra spaces at the end or beginning of a string).

A parameter is a variable in a method definition. When a method is called, the arguments are the data you pass into the method's parameters.

The '.indexOf(String arg)' returns the index of the first point in the string where the 'arg' is present. If 'arg' is not present in the string, -1 is returned.

The slice(number x, number y / number x) method extracts a part of a string and returns the extracted part in a new string. 
The parameters for 'slice()' are either just the beginning index (the method returns the characters in the string starting from the beginning index) or 
the beginning and the end indices (the method returns the characters included in the range of the two args).

If the either index is negative, the arg is treated as str.length + index. (str.slice(-3) returns str[str.length - 3] and onward).

The '.replace(String regex, String replacement)' method returns a new string that replaces the first 'regex' in a string with the 'replacement' arg.\

The '.repeat(number iterations)' returns a string that repeats the string it was invoked on 'iterations' times.

Template literals are strings that allow embedded expressions to be evaluated and turned into a resulting string. One must use the ` character in the place of quotation marks for this.
One also must encapsulate the embedded expressions with ${expression}. Expressions can be variables or actual mathematical operations. 

'null' is the intentional absence of any value and msut be assigned to a variable.
'undefined' is assigned to variables that do not have an assigned value (vars that haven't been initialized).

The 'Math' object (this is very similar to Java; in Java, this is a class) contains properties and methods related to math.

These include '.PI', '.E', '.sqrt(number arg)', '.sin(number arg)', '.floor(arg)' (rounds down), '.ceil(arg)' (rounds up), '.random() returns a random decimal number between 1 and 0.
